Speaker 2: Have you ever cried over a boy?  No.  No.  Don't do it.  I'm 10.  You're 10?  Oh my gosh.  I remember when I was 10.  I remember the postman congratulated me.  

Speaker 1: How do I find a nice person to go on a date with?  

Speaker 0: Lots of people meet them, friends or good people.  really when they just meet them and they like bump into each other or something.  

Speaker 2: Okay, so you think I should just walk around Dublin forever until I bump into someone?  

Speaker 1: No.  So I've said hello and I've told them my name.  What do I, what do I say next?  Your second name?  That's all, yeah.  Let them know as much about me as possible.  

Speaker 2: What should we do in our first date?  

Speaker 0: Well... It's nice to go and do something really romantic on the first one.  Yeah.  Because if you just do something plain, then they won't think you're trying to do a great jester or trying to really, trying hard to make them like you.  Yeah.  

Speaker 3: So is it important to be like, we're going on a fancy restaurant day and we're spending loads of money.  It's going to be awesome.  

Speaker 0: No, no, no, not too expensive because then you might not be able to afford it.  

Speaker 3: True.  And then you'd have to run.  Yeah.  

Speaker 1: Where would you go for dinner?  If you had to bring somebody on a date?  McDonald's.  You'd go to McDonald's.  What would you get?  Chicken nuggets.  Chicken nuggets.  Does it get a big box of chicken nuggets?  What about third date?  Where else would we go?  So we've got McDonald's, we've done Burger King.  KFC.  Go KFC.  For more chicken nuggets.  

Speaker 3: Should I invite her in to meet my dog?  No.  Why not?  

Speaker 0: She might be allergic to dogs or she might not like dogs so the dog might bite her.  

Speaker 1: When should you kiss somebody on a date?  Not bad.  It's gross, isn't it?  

Speaker 0: When it's actually happening, if it's just like you're just sitting there, it's really bad to just go and lean in and do that.  

Speaker 2: Yeah, that's weird.  Yeah, no one should ever do that.  

Speaker 3: Is there any like, no-no's that you shouldn't do on a first date?  Say they're ugly.  Okay, don't say they're ugly.  

Speaker 2: What happens if you're the most fussy person in the world and you can't find any boys, even though there's lots of nice boys, but you're just silly?  

Speaker 0: Probably you might find someone else that's silly and then you'll... Like get to know and bond together.  

Speaker 2: Where do you find these people?  Do you know where I find them?  

Speaker 0: You might just like bump into a friend and they're all silly and yeah, and then you might end up like Starting to like them and they might like you back.  Okay.  Do you think I'm weirdo?  

Speaker 2: No, no, you don't.  that's always positive.  

Speaker 3: You don't even want me to you don't want to see me in my great adventure, you know, I don't really care.  